- Still a prime sub, still another prime sub.
- That one hurts, that hurts so much.
I just hit record and I'm in so much pain right now.
Kiwi. - Kiwi, hi, I'm Kiwi.
- Come back, Kiwi.
(upbeat music)
- Okay, so we're gonna talk about Kiwi
to start this episode,
because we record these episodes on Twitch,
on Dax's Twitch. - Yeah.
- I used to stream on Twitch.
I used to be a bit of a streamer.
I was somewhat of a streamer.
What am I thinking of?
I'm thinking of a movie reference there.
- I'm somewhat of a streamer myself.
You're the most Spider-Man meme.
- Oh, is that what it is?
Yeah, that's it, yeah, yeah.
Somewhat of a streamer myself.
So I used to stream on Twitch a few weeks ago,
and we do this on Dax's channel,
but it's like a lot of the same people
that were in my channel,
because me and Dax are friends.
So like, we all cross pollinate.
Well, Kiwi is this very mysterious figure in Twitch chat
and on Twitter and Discord and wherever else.
And Kiwi always comes into Twitch chat,
just saying Kiwi.
If I talk too much about Kiwi at this point,
is everyone uncomfortable?
Is Kiwi uncomfortable? - Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait.
It's so funny.
- He's got the best, like he or she, I don't know,
he's got the best personal branding ever,
'cause it's just so mysterious and like,
I need to know more about Kiwi.
Or they'll just say, "I'm Kiwi."
Like, that's the first message.
And like, it'll come every day and just say, "I'm Kiwi."
But then, then I got to know Kiwi on Discord
and Kiwi has all kinds of good insights.
Dax level insights, really.
Kiwi has been pouring it out in the Discord DMs,
and I appreciate it a whole lot, Kiwi.
- Wow. - You're the best.
But, oh, oh, but the reason I'm so torn,
and I've been just destroyed,
at the beginning of this episode,
is Kiwi just prime subs to Dax.
And if you don't know anything about Twitch,
which I didn't, like a year ago,
prime subs, you get one of them.
If you're an Amazon Prime subscriber,
which everyone in the world is,
you get one free subscription on Twitch,
you get to give to a streamer.
And it's like, it's a special little gift
that you can only give one of.
And Kiwi just gave it to Dax,
and it ripped my little Grinch heart out.
Okay, I'm done.
That's all I have to say about Kiwi.
As low as you are, I am very high right now.
I'm enjoying your pain.
I am enjoying your suffering.
This is a great moment for me to ripping him or her.
We don't know where they are, away from you.
- Oh, okay. - Well, thank you for that.
- Well, that was a good start.
What are we gonna talk about?
I need a Lara bar, actually.
Can we talk about how you eat Lara bars because of me?
- No, I started that trend.
And then you got--
- What?
- And then you started in-- - What?
- Because of me.
- Theo eats Lara bars now.
I saw somebody else, Sam ordered Lara bars.
It's just spreading.
Alan orders Lara bars.
- Wait, Sam who?
- Sam Hulik.
No, I always get to mix up.
Huckabee, the one that didn't do Mass Effect.
(laughs)
I'm sorry, Sam.
- Yeah, that's how Sam is known now to me.
There's the one who did the Mass Effect.
- Mass Effect Sam is a big SST user.
He's like, when I first joined SST,
he was doing a big migration
and almost every day for a couple of weeks,
that was me helping him.
That was one of my first memories of working at SST.
And then I was like, wait, what?
He did the music for Mass Effect
and he has all these awards and--
- That's wild.
- Yeah, it was really crazy.
- It's like Tomo.
- Yeah.
- It was like 30 seconds to Mars?
Did I mess that up?
Okay, I'm terrible at pop culture.
But he's like super into programming.
Like, he's fully in.
- Yeah.
- He's like all bought in.
- I mean, if I was,
if I spent that much time with Jared Leto,
I'd probably wanna switch careers also.
(laughs)
- Don't me tell me about Jared Leto
'cause I don't know anything about him.
- Google Image Morbius.
- Do I need to turn off the Google Safe Search filter?
- No, what is this?
What is it?
Morbius?
- That's gonna love this.
- M-O-R-P-I-U-S.
Jared Leto was like the lead.
What is he?
I don't know much about that.
He's like the Mars.
He's, whatever.
He's in the face.
He was like the face or whatever.
- What?
Am I looking at right now?
- And he got super into acting.
And I swear every role he's been in
has just been like,
click everyone to check it and crazy.
- What in the world?
So I thought he was an actor that got into music
'cause I didn't know anything about him.
(laughs)
He's in the Mars.
- I think the other way around, yeah.
And then I just always,
I've just always found every role he's been in to be like,
it feels like he's trying too hard to be an actor,
if that makes sense.
- Yeah.
- He played the Joker and then that was also,
this is a little weirdest Joker thing I've ever seen.
Like everyone has done it better than him.
- Yeah, okay.
Well, I wish I hadn't Googled these images
'cause that's pretty freaky.
That's a Marvel movie?
It's a Marvel movie?
- Well, okay.
So here's a funny thing.
- Disney is showing us this?
- No, no, no, no, no.
There's a clear line here.
At some point, Fox had a bunch of Marvel rights.
Things like X-Men, they had Spider-Man for a while.
And then Marvel blew up and became insane.
Like the rest of Marvel blew up.
But Fox still retains rights to like the worst characters.
So they just every once in a while make like a much shittier movie
to just like try to like cash in on the hype.
- Yeah.
- So I'm Spider-Man, sorry.
There you go.
Morbius, Morbius.
Now you know that.
- What's Morbius?
- It's Morbius.
- It's just a meme.
Like there's just a meme going on or the,
'cause from the trailers in the movie,
everyone news is the worst movie ever,
but now there's this joke where people pretend like it's
their favorite movie.
- Okay.
- Where do you, like I feel like I'm pretty plugged in
on the internet.
How do you keep up with all this stuff?
How do you keep up with all the pop culture and stuff?
- I just want to put it in nowhere else.
I watched a ton of, okay.
So I watch a ton of movies, I guess I have TV going on all day.
All day I have TV.
- Are you serious?
Wait a minute, seriously?
- You didn't know this about me?
- No, wait, hang on.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Like cable TV?
- No, no, no, just like TV shows.
I'll have TV shows going on.
- Like what kind of TV shows?
- Tell me, or what channels?
That's what I remember from TV is like there's channels.
- Yeah, what channels are you on?
- No one's doing channels.
(laughing)
- Honestly, there really aren't channels anymore.
Is that a serious?
- It's funny, I'm making fun of you,
but I actually miss channels and explain why in a second.
- Wait, if there's not channels, what are there?
There's not, there's really not channels.
- You just find the show you want.
You want to watch and you just watch every episode.
- Like on Netflix?
- On Netflix, or like, you know, I have my own special setup.
- Wait, whoa, we can't just gloss over that.
What's your own special setup?
What is that supposed to mean?
- So there's just two things.
There's a company called Plex,
which is they're just like a straight up normal tech startup
somehow.
I mean, they've been around for a while
and they make a ton of money.
They like operate exactly a tech company,
but technically it's like a server,
a server software that like runs your own Netflix effectively.
But they don't help you get the content.
So that's why they're not illegal.
But they do everything like making it
so the apps work on Chromecast, on Apple TV,
on your phone, you can cat, like they do all of that.
But it's against your own content
and it's up to you to figure out where to get the content.
And even that part is like crazy productized at this point.
- So what are you watching right now?
Like what's on in the corner?
That's more interesting than me.
- Well, at this moment, no,
I'm not watching anything at this moment.
- We said all the time.
- No, when I'm working all day,
like I'm not what I'm--
- We're working.
- I can't when I'm streaming.
- This isn't work.
We're working.
- You know what I mean?
When I'm typing the keys to make the code to make money--
- It's very important to me that this is working
because when my wife comes in and she's like,
what do you do all day?
- I'm working.
- I'm talking to Dax, just work.
- You know, how they're kind of working.
You know, you're gonna go make me feel like that.
- But what do you watch?
Like what shows are on?
- So I've been doing this for 10 years.
So I've pretty much have seen like everything.
I've seen like, seen stuff multiple times.
I've seen like--
- Why have you done everything for 10 years?
Can we talk about what was going on two years ago?
- That's when I became an adult
and when I became an adult and these are all my habits.
I'm gonna stick with them forever.
(laughing)
I'm honestly out of like anything mainstream.
I've like watched every like really good mainstream thing.
- You would be.
- Yeah.
- If you've been doing it for so long,
I mean, there isn't so much.
And I've seen so many things multiple times.
Like, I just can't rewatch stuff anymore.
- Do you watch like indie films and like stuff
that's in other languages you probably do?
- No, I probably do.
- I don't really watch indie.
I watch, so when I'm working, I watch TV shows.
I don't really watch movies, sometimes I will,
but it's just TV shows.
But I've seen just like all of the best British comedies,
so I like to just like foreign stuff, like I've found all this.
- Mighty Bush?
- I don't think I've heard of that.
What's Mighty Bush?
- The Mighty Bush?
I mean, that's from when I used to watch stuff
in British comedy, British comedy is something.
- Yeah, it's very good.
- I was gonna say very different, but very good.
Yeah, sure.
- Very different.
I like it.
- You never heard of Greg?
I'm old Greg, you've never heard of this.
Nothing. - No.
- It's pretty dumb.
There's like a giant gorilla.
I don't know, you should look into it.
- Diamond Boats and Chad.
- The Concord's, I'm sorry.
But the Concord's is very good.
I've seen that twice.
- Okay, there we go.
Wait, you've seen it twice.
There's like a, it's not like one thing, right?
- No, I've seen the whole show every episode twice.
- You watch all of it through twice.
- Anything good I've seen more than once, yeah.
- What, how in the world, you do this while you're working?
- Every single day, like hours and hours of time
for me to do this, so it adds up.
- I guess I used to like listen to Audible Books
while I worked.
- Exactly the same thing, yeah.
- And like, you only pick up on certain parts,
but it's like, you just kind of washes over you,
and if you do it enough hours, like you get enough from it.
- Yeah, and you just get better at kind of
paying attention to both.
So right now, it's funny, so I'm gonna chat,
I guessed it.
So I haven't seen a bunch of like good anime shows,
which, you know, I was gonna make fun of mazes
every minute as up.
So I started watching this one called Attack on Titan,
which I'm almost done with,
but that's been like my thing for this past week.
These things only last a week.
- So anime?
- Yeah, it's very good.
It's actually the perfect thing to watch in this way,
because my only criticism of it is,
the pacing is insanely slow.
There's like this really interesting mystery
at the heart of it, and you're like trying to like,
figure out what's going on.
- Yeah.
- But it is like, they're like,
before they reveal a secret,
they like talk about how they're gonna reveal it
for like 30 minutes.
And they're like, don't reveal it, it's the next episode.
So it's great to just throw in the background.
- So anime, I feel like there's a ton of people
in our sphere, like in the web dev space.
Okay, yeah, trash.
I mean, prime, I don't know.
Like there's like wifu backgrounds.
I know what that means.
- I don't get that whole thing.
I'm not into that.
I hate how everyone has the other background.
They're near them.
I don't get it.
It, I don't like looking at it.
- So I don't get any of it.
I don't get the culture at all.
Could you please explain to me,
what is the draw of anime?
Why do people get sucked into it?
- Okay, so I have seen,
have you seen Miyazaki's movies?
No, like people--
- No idea what that is.
- Okay, so for a Western audience,
that's typically how they explain it.
- From a Western audience.
- From a, like from me.
(laughing)
- That's just funny to me.
It's like, for you Westerners,
you're gonna have to, I guess you're also a Western--
- I'm including myself.
- You're saying, okay, yeah.
- I've seen a bunch of anime movies,
but just like the stuff that makes it over here.
And typically that's like this guy,
this studio called Tudo Ghibli.
They've won Oscars, like just fantastic movies,
incredible animation.
And I've always really liked it.
And I think it like, that stuff is one genuinely good
and to like a peaceful white audience.
And through that, I've like watched some other movies
that are also like highly ranked and like kind of related
to that.
But I haven't gotten to the TV show stuff as much.
At the end of the day, it's just,
it's not any different.
It's just like another TV show.
There's some like stylistic things
that are a little bit consistent across them,
but they can be about all sorts of stuff.
They can be about like crazy fantasy stuff.
They can be about sci-fi.
They can be about all kinds of stuff.
I am noticing with this one that there are some like
specific styles that didn't like this pacing thing,
I think might be a little bit that's common, like where,
and these are like things in the show,
like a little bit dramatic.
Like characters are always going in this really serious
rants, but they're like screaming while they say
and they're like kind of crying at the same time.
It's, there's some like stylistic things,
but overall, just like, you know, another TV show.
- Okay, is it just like the cartoons in Japan?
And then we all got hooked on them.
Like is this what kids on Saturday morning watch in Japan?
- No, it's not for kids, I don't think.
- Oh, it's not for kids.
- Like the one I'm watching around,
I was crazy violent and like super dark.
There's some like scenarios in there
that like like a crazy, existential like think,
make you think like a lot type is.
So I mean, they can be for kids in that kids like,
this stuff just goes over kids heads.
I wouldn't notice.
But it is like insanely violent.
So I don't think it's made for kids.
- Okay.
So I thought you were headed.
- I just knew knowing you, like there was a direction
you were headed with that where you were like,
there's this guy who brought anime over to America
to Western audiences.
And it's the mainstream stuff, but that stuff's no good.
I only watched the stuff that's hardcore,
like only people in Japan enjoy it.
- I don't like this with anything.
Like I don't get why that's, this would be ascribed to me.
- Neil Vim, Arch Linux, Keto, CrossFit, somebody's thing.
- The thing is not even my dad, that's good.
I just go to a CrossFit gym.
Like that one doesn't even count.
- That means you're, no, it does count.
If you go to a CrossFit gym, that is the whole thing.
That's old, anybody who's in a CrossFit,
that's all they can claim.
They go to the CrossFit gym.
You are lumped in with all of them.
- I just go there 'cause it's the closest gym
and I can walk to it.
I can run to it.
That's the only reason I go to it.
- But it's like a totally different kind of work at it.
- No, I don't do the classes anymore.
I did, I did it initially to try it out.
- Oh, you just work out on their equipment.
- 'Cause they have like two open gym sessions every day.
Like two or three.
So I just go there and I, all their equipment
and stuff on the squat.
- Flippin' tires.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Gotta flippin' tires.
- It's like flinging chains around.
- I'm not strong with the tires.
- Okay.
(laughing)
- You can stick me with the other stuff.
The knee of him and the Linux CrossFit one, not so much.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Put my crown on and off.
- But I love, I love mainstream stuff.
Like, I love like just mass appeal.
In terms of entertainment, I love just mass appeal,
like just turn your brain off stuff.
I also like just really, really good stuff as well.
I like both, I just like it all.
I don't wanna have it all.
- Do you like like stuff that wins Oscars?
Like, do you like the movies that are like critically acclaimed?
But people are like, I don't know, I didn't get it.
- I have this weird relationship with them
where I almost always like them when I watch it,
but I like never wanna watch one.
But like, if I'm somehow in a situation
where I'm forced to watch one, like I love it.
But like, it's just another thing.
Like, I always want like the junk food,
but I do like the good stuff as well.
- Oh, just like the simple.
Do you like watching like comedy movies?
Like just stupid dumb comedies.
- I feel like comedy movies like don't even exist as much anymore.
I feel like it just doesn't, it just doesn't,
it's not even a thing.
I think something about, I think blockbusters,
those like big actions, serious blockbusters,
make so much money that I just don't think
studios do comedies as much.
I mean, they still do.
It just, they just go straight to,
they're like more for like watch at home type of thing.
- So I don't like, I don't like the big action movies either.
Casey loves watching just stupid comedies.
She doesn't wanna think, she just wants to maybe laugh
a few times and that's it.
- I like like intense dramas like or like not sci-fi,
but like what would you call the movie inception?
Like that's like-
- Mind fuck.
- Yes, that kind of movie.
Those are my favorite.
I like to think a lot and then still not get it.
- Those are my favorite movies too.
So those are definitely my favorites.
I think they're a mix of two where they're like,
they are really good, but it doesn't feel like,
it feels approachable just to throw on.
- Yeah, I just like the basic good stuff.
Like I love all the personal movies.
My favorite director, Oppenheimer's coming up with him.
- Which one is he?
- Christopher Nolan.
- What's the name?
- He did an inception, sorry.
- Oh, inception.
- Did you say inception or did you say?
- I just said inception.
- Oh, okay, sorry.
This is Shutter Island, never mind.
- You said Shutter, what is that?
- You would like it.
- It's nothing like an inception.
- It's like that same category.
It's just they aren't caprios in both
and I mix it up and similarly like a mind fuck movie.
(laughing)
Yeah, I mean, I think you would love all his movies basically.
If you like inception, all of his movies are like that
and my favorite movies are by him though.
- I would like some more movies like that.
I sent you a list.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I just don't ever, we haven't watched movies
in like the last five years at all.
- Your kids will get into them at some point, right?
- I think so.
I don't know, most of my oldest is eight now
and I feel like he's probably old enough.
I talked about taking him to the movies
like a little date night and instead we,
what did we do instead?
I don't know, Casey had a different idea.
Casey's not super into movies.
So I grew up like we always watch movies at home.
- Yeah, we do.
- It went to the movies.
Casey not into them feels like it's a waste of time.
So we don't watch movies.
We compromise.
- And we don't watch this.
(laughing)
- I'm just kidding.
I really don't care anymore.
Like at first I was like, but movie theater,
it's so fun.
The smells and the sights.
- I can walk to remember the theater.
I love it.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah, we walk there.
- Okay, Miami.
- It's nice.
- It's not all Miami just.
- It's just like living in a city.
- It's just like, you live in a populated area.
That's the, sometimes I'm like,
why doesn't everybody live in the Ozarks?
This is amazing.
It's quiet.
It's cheap.
I have fast internet.
And then I remember like people can walk to movie theaters.
That's probably fun.
You can't walk to anything in the Ozarks.
- Go Matt's anime thing again, for me,
I was saying this while you were peeing.
It's just like, because I've seen so much stuff,
when I find like a new like area of entertainment,
I haven't explored.
It's like very exciting for me.
'Cause I'm like, 'cause for me, the struggle is always,
I actually at this point, can't really work
without having something on.
But if I don't know what I'm watching,
I waste like 30 minutes trying to figure out
what I'm watching.
It's always a frustrating experience.
But now I find it's like area of entertainment that I,
you know, I haven't explored at all.
Just like, I just have a giant list of things to go through.
- Yeah.
- Where are you getting that list?
Are you like, ask 'em trash?
- You know what?
Chat GBT is actually really amazing for this.
'Cause I can, I can like have kind of interesting interactions
with it, 'cause I can say like,
so I asked it about this show I'm watching Attack on Titan.
I was like, what are some criticisms of it?
'Cause I was curious to see if other people
picked up on the same thing.
And it did list like the pacing,
a bunch of things that I had issues with it.
So then I could specifically ask for like,
what are other shows that,
here are the things that I liked about it.
Here's the stuff I didn't like about it.
What are the other shows that like, you know,
fit that criteria?
- Yeah.
- And it's pretty good.
Like at worst, it's just googling randomly.
And at best, it finds like kind of tailored stuff to me.
So we've done the same for like books.
My son loves reading like big long book series.
So we're like, he read all of the Magic Treehouse.
What else is there like it?
And there's like 10 different series
that he's branched into.
It's crazy.
- Yeah, yeah.
- I want to explain really quick the last episode.
I ended it by saying, what did I say?
Love you by or see you?
Love you, what did I say?
Love you by.
That's because DAX made a tweet.
I feel like I should explain this
'cause it was just a weird ending.
Otherwise, people were like, what do you want?
DAX made a tweet where he went to the, what was it?
You went to the--
- I didn't go to the vet.
The vet called me.
- The vet called you.
And they gave you really good news about your dog.
And then when you were getting off the phone,
you said love you by.
I thought that was so funny.
- Yes.
And it was, I was like, love you by.
- Love you by.
(laughing)
- Who did you say the by loud enough
that it'll like cancel out the love you?
- She had no reaction.
She was just like.
(laughing)
- I was like, I know you.
- I actually, I hate being around people.
I'm more and more convinced I have like a social disorder.
Sorry, that was heavy for what we were just talking about.
- I'm gonna say the most like first world problem thing ever.
So I'm gonna preface it with that right now.
When I live in New York, I had a dorm in.
I lived in two different buildings with dorm in, okay?
And this is a quote, this is like a luxury things have
in your life to have someone to like greet you,
get your packages, like to like handle your packages,
like just call some things.
- Sounds fancy, yeah.
- It is the worst thing ever.
For me, because every, that means every single time
I leave my apartment, I have to say a greeting
or say something.
- Yeah.
- And for someone like me who always gets tongue tied,
I always said the dumbest stuff.
It would be anything like, I would say good morning.
- See you, love you.
- Yeah, I would say something like that.
Or I would give me, you have a package.
I'd be like, thanks you too, like just every single time.
Maybe like 50% of the time, I would say something weird.
- And then you're getting your own head about it
'cause you know it's coming, you know at the bottom
of the elevator, you're gonna talk to the dorm
and you're like, and I just stopped leaving my apartment.
I just stayed in my apartment and I just stopped leaving.
- That's awesome.
- Yeah.
- I mean, I don't leave my house,
but not because I have a dorm in it.
- You should get one.
It's got a butler, I think.
- Can you have a dorm in at your house?
- I'm surprised you don't have butlers.
- Stand out, say a butler, okay, yeah.
- If there were butlers in the Ozarks and I could find it,
you don't know how hard I've looked for good help around here.
Like we wanna hire a personal chef,
or like make all of our meals.
Just like every single meal, we don't wanna think about it,
we don't wanna clean up after it,
we don't wanna buy the groceries,
we just wanna like hire somebody.
It is so hard, that's another thing.
If we lived in Miami, I'm sure we'd just be like,
I don't know, personal chefs are us.
We'd go to the store and pick one up.
- Is that what you do?
- Yeah, that's how our things are these.
There's have people at stores you can pick up.
- Yeah, yeah, like I'll take that one in the green shirt.
- Yes, now we've tried, we wanna hire people
to do lots of things around here.
We got the means, first world, problems, can't find people.
So if you live in the Ozark, I'm just kidding,
I'm not gonna do that, I've solicited.
- I'm not moving to Ozarks, Adam.
- No, I'm not like, if someone's listening,
there's people that listen to this,
I don't know if you knew this is not just a phone call.
Did I tell you, I actually put these on the internet.
- Oh, well you do.
(laughs)
- The comment about the thumbnail from last time.
- The thumbnail. - Remember someone was like,
oh dang, you like used a stupid picture of Adam
and a serious picture of yourself.
And I was like, nope, Adam did that to himself.
- I did, I just wanted to mix it up.
I was like, all these look the same.
I got to be one that looks totally different.
And I did, I did one totally different.
- Yeah, that was good.
- Did we finish the conversation about anime?
I feel like most of this conversation's been about anime.
- I don't know, I'm watching it, make fun of me.
- No, I'm not making fun of you.
I don't make fun of people.
- Oh, okay, yeah, there's a crowd, yeah.
- The whole anime thing, I don't make fun of it
because I don't understand it.
I want to understand it so I can make fun of it.
But I need to understand it first.
So if you could just give me like a primer,
just like here's the first thing,
just watch this and you'll understand anime,
that would be great.
- Here's a thing.
I actually think I could give you great guidance on this.
The moment I do, there's going to be a thousand nerds
that show up that are going to be like,
no, that's stupid, like that's not,
that's not real anime, man.
- It's way too Western, that's too mainstream.
- The stuff you like, like you said,
you like Inception, like those, like,
I think people call them Cerebral,
they're Cerebral movies.
- Oh, yes.
- There is a lot of stuff in anime category
that is like lean towards that.
So I like that kind of content.
I think I've exhausted like movies
and like just normal TV shows that do that.
That's like, that is my favorite stuff.
So that's why I'm onto this.
- Is there like a favorite TV show that's Cerebral
that you could point me to?
- A Cerebral TV show.
- Anything from the last 10 years,
probably haven't seen it.
- So I love the first season,
there's a show called Love Death Robots.
It's a first, it's him in an anthology.
So they basically take--
- Hang on, what's an anthology?
What's an anthology?
- I don't know. - What is an anthology?
- But I'm gonna guess,
in case I'm what it is,
I was gonna say and just gonna try to guess.
- You didn't say the word that you didn't know.
- 'Cause it says it and it's like,
Love Death Robots, an anthology series, whatever.
But I think what it means is--
- I just caught you.
- You're just gonna go out and explain it.
- Every episode is unrelated.
It's like just like 10 different unrelated stories
with 10 different animation styles.
And a lot of them are very good and very thought provoking.
There's one called Zima Blue,
which is like, it's only like 10 minutes,
you just go watch that.
- Zima, you said like the drink?
- Yeah, like the drink.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It is like the deepest thing I've ever seen in my whole life.
It was like, it like stuck with me forever.
Like me and Liz have seen it twice
in my-- - Really?
- Yeah, it's like very thought provoking.
And a few of them are--
- Zima Blue, did you say?
- Yeah.
- Zima Blue, okay.
I think I know of another anthropology, anthology.
What was it, anthology is Black Mirror and anthology?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, right.
So this is what it's definitely what, yeah.
Black Mirror fits in this category.
Have you seen a bunch of Black Mirror?
There's a new season coming out.
- I've seen, I think I've seen one Black Mirror.
And so Casey hates my wife.
Casey hates like dark things, doesn't like--
- Yeah, Black Mirror's pretty dark.
- Yeah, and she told me to watch Black Mirror.
She had watched one or two of them,
and she's like, you would love this.
And she liked it, which I had heard from other people,
it's super dark, you would not like it.
- There's some episodes that aren't,
most episodes are like dystopian,
but then there's some that are like really,
like they make you feel good at the end.
- Oh, okay.
- Yeah.
- There's a few--
- I generally like to feel good at the end.
I don't like to feel bad at the end after watching something.
It's like, why did I do that?
I could have got on Twitter, but she wouldn't feel bad.
- I talk about watching sports when I care.
- Yeah, okay.
So that Miami Heat lost in the finals.
How many Miami Heat games would you say
you watched this year, Dax?
- Maybe like four?
- Oh, you really watched some games?
The four final games?
- I went to two in person.
- Do they get one?
- And--
- You went to two Heat, oh yeah, that's right.
That's all the picture.
- Yeah, yeah.
No, 'cause Liz's family has season tickets,
so it's like, and just ends up being
like a random thing to do.
- Yeah.
- Okay, so you are kind of a Heat fan.
I made fun of you when you're like,
oh, the Heat lost, feel bad for me.
I'm like, I don't feel bad for you,
'cause you don't care about sports, apparently.
- I don't really care about sports.
You're right, I just don't care about watching sports,
but you know, I got sucked in.
- Yeah, did you like any New York teams
when you lived in New York?
Did you like go to Yankee games?
- No, I never really cared.
There's also two New York teams,
so there's like--
- And like every sport, right?
It's like--
- Yeah, so it's always like,
that's like diluted for me when the whole city's not like,
oh, and on one thing. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's that little green light behind you?
There's a little green dot.
Looks like a Christmas light.
- That's my electric longboard,
and it's a charger.
It's a charging light, my electric longboard.
- Okay, what is a longboard?
And then we'll talk about what an electric longboard is.
- A longboard is like a skateboard,
except it's longer and the wheels are bigger,
so it's not optimized for tricks 'cause it's heavy,
but it is optimized for going fast,
staying really stable, and it's a great transport.
Transportation device.
- Like instead of a bike, you like ride it to town?
- Yeah, so when I first moved to New York,
I got a normal longboard, and it's super useful
'cause it just increases the range
that you can go in 15 minutes by a lot.
So I pretty much could go anywhere on my longboard,
as long as it wasn't cold.
And then a bunch of electric longboards
started coming out where it's exact same thing
as a longboard except a battery attached to the bottom
and motors on both back wheels.
And that comes with brakes also.
- How fast are we talking about?
- This thing can hit like 30 something miles an hour.
- Have you ever hit anybody?
- I've gotten seriously hurt once.
Not seriously hurt, but--
- Like you ran into something?
- A person.
- You ran into a person?
- 100% was not my fault, so--
- Does insurance cover collisions with longboards?
- No, probably not.
(laughing)
I don't have like vehicle insurance on my--
- Yeah, I would mix them.
- Okay, so in New York, there's something called
the West Side Highway, which is incredible,
'cause it's a highway that goes all the way down the West Side,
and there is a completely separate bike lane.
It's like a two-lane bike lane that's not even,
it's not even like attached to the main road.
There's like, it's a completely separate off to the side.
- Oh, nice.
- Yeah, you can just zip down there,
and it's like all bikes go up and down there is beautiful.
It's on the water.
The whole way up and down is like parks and trees,
and it's really nice, one of my favorite things to do
in New York, either walk up and down the West Side Highway
or a longboard down, but it's for bikes
and for longboards and for vehicles.
Someone stepped into it without looking like five feet
in front of me, and I dodged him.
I actually didn't hit him.
I like maybe grazed him.
I dodged him, like I swerved around him,
but then I couldn't retain my balance.
I just super manned out, like flew into the air,
and then I landed, and just scraped my elbows.
And I was on my way to go see Alan,
'cause we're gonna play basketball.
- Yeah.
- And I showed up, and I was just covered in blood,
and I was like, "Yeah."
(laughing)
- So probably not playing basketball,
or were you just like unguardable now,
'cause people don't want to touch you,
or just cover it a little bit, but I was like, "Yeah."
(laughing)
- I mean, I can't imagine even going,
even going like on a bike 30 miles an hour, sounds hard.
I can't imagine standing on a board,
going that fast and not just falling off.
- It's a complicated thing where
you're usually not going to how to speed always.
And quote unquote, falling is just like,
stepping off of like a four inch lift off the ground.
It's not like a bike where you're like,
kind of like it's a complicated thing or something too.
So if I got to a situation, usually I could just like,
step off and then, or hit the brakes and step off.
It like, it actually wasn't that sketchy.
The only time I got hurt was I hit a pothole,
'cause I wasn't paying attention, which was really bad at me.
- Ooh.
- Were you watching something? Did you have your shows up?
- This is a super embarrassing story, ready?
You ready for the most embarrassing story ever?
- Let me set this scene.
So I am 25 years old, maybe 24, 25.
I am in New York and I work in tech
and I'm very much a software engineer
and that's my whole identity, okay?
(laughing)
And of course, I'm writing electric long word.
Very, this is all fitting, right?
Of course I'm in tech, I have this weird mobility device
that I'm using.
(laughing)
I am wearing a backpack,
'cause all of our engineers wear backpacks
and my stuff is in there.
So I go and I hit this pothole and then when I fall,
my backpack flips open and all my stuff flies out.
So not only do I fall, all my contents flew out.
Guess what flew out?
- Oh no.
- A MacBook, because I'm a software engineer,
a MacBook flew out.
- Oh no.
- And two bottles of soilents and I was like.
(laughing)
- It's like the biggest meme ever.
- Yeah, I know, I was like, man, if someone,
this is literally a scene out of Silicon Valley.
Like someone got this on camera.
It's like just the most embarrassing situation ever.
- Soil it, you did the soilent thing.
- For me, it was like a good breakfast option slash like,
if I'm like in between things,
like it's like a good way to like get my calories, but.
- Yeah.
- So.
- Sure.
(laughing)
- So we'll go with the breakfast thing.
- Was it a Herschel backpack?
Was it a Herschel backpack?
- It was a Herschel backpack.
(laughing)
It wasn't, it wasn't like the normal one though.
It was one that had the flip thing on the back,
which is why I flipped open when I fell.
- I love this story so much.
You've got to tell that story in some kind of like,
I don't know, a tweet thread or something.
Do you have any pictures of your stuff
laying on the ground now?
- Okay.
- I still have a little bit of a scar.
- Oh wow, left a scar.
- And also, yeah, I guess it'll help me.
There's like big, tough construction worker.
(laughing)
- Here's your soilent little boy.
- He like gave me, yeah, the advantage ran away.
- Oh wow.
- Yeah.
- Very helpful.
Hey, what's going on with Reddit before we get off here?
- I don't know.
- I heard those like 10 years ago.
- Yeah, me too, but I mean, I don't use it,
but I've heard that like, I don't know,
is it like, ending, is it over?
- It seems, I mean, I think,
did we talk about this a little bit in the last podcast?
- I don't know.
I don't think so, but did we?
- Oh, maybe, I don't know.
- Yeah, we did.
- Okay, then nevermind, I'll listen to our podcast
and I'll get caught up.
(laughing)
I'm sorry.
- I remember. - It has ended.
- Maybe I'm thinking of something else.
I thought I didn't know anything about this.
So maybe I just wasn't listening to you.
- We were talking about Twitch.
- For sure.
- Twitch.
- We talked about the weird stuff Twitch was doing
and then--
- Yeah, and we talked about it.
- Did we talk about it?
- Oh, okay, well.
- I don't know.
- I'll catch up later.
- The API pricing going crazy.
Oh no, we did talk about it.
- We did talk about it.
- Oh, we talked about APIs, yeah, people charging.
Why is everybody all of a sudden charging for APIs?
- Just like, not free.
- Because these companies
are taken over by Dummies, I think that's really it.
- Okay.
Okay, episode 30 in the books.
30, that's a nice round number.
Nice even number.
- We are halfway to our goal.
- Wait, our goal is 60?
- I'm just kidding.
(laughing)
- As far as your reaction.
- You're talking about that last episode, dude,
'cause I don't remember that either.
- Where was I last episode?
All right, let's get off here.
- All right, yep.
- See you next.
(upbeat music)